
Imaginary Machine

Experiment I:
Expanding Susan Sontag’s List of Adjectives into a legible (?) poem using a neural network trained on her entire corpus of published fiction. The first word in each line is an adjective from a list of adjectives she noted down in her (published) journals. 

Punctuate a table
Simian wishes
Impudent, the hero lossed with many bedrooms
Whooping at the visitor
Laconic reproaches
Besotted after all with a short imagination
Gritty experiences of family
Cracking now his pain
Aporetic, drawing along the heat
Terse conquest:  he takes over the side and dreams,
Vermillion was expected.
Crafty resignation of his place
Glottal silence
Unnerved for a dream of not returning

Cerulean, she guarded him in the sound of interest 
Stout breath while the
Vivid sun observes the bark
Feckless in its instruction
Ogival shame almost priceless
Toothy, he arms her room
Streamlined, because you will take her.















Experiment 2:
Writing like my neural network

Generated by computer:
Once upon Profes now, I'm both me in the one of the intered of beauty. 
As being looking every does regard I finally too, shout horryative and the important face that he said went of the country by anyone.
He no one said, I other of the truth. I didn't dread. That has like the tunnel the No our hanuock.
Now I mean the guester than I as I didn't take up a clammer. But you sand. I happen. Some about glanest, and I said, 
but then this serious sense more than do you think I had less the you croBuens the short. 
But I words of something regarded about them that his own as something in her name.

Written by me to read like what my neural network generates:

Once upon Flachs now, I'm only me in the one of the infrareds of beauty. 
As existing finding every does consider important face to truth.
Now I dream flying didn't serious sense of clammering. But yesterday. 
I happened. Some something regarding about the look tabloid. 
And I said, more than you think after. because trickled down the country from here. 
seeing the party for glarious torment of punctual hands. Following a doorment, you can. She know it's narroting.


