FOUND EYES

It’s more of a ring. A dialectician in place of experience, like portraits
easy for you to sob openly.
the wing of a ring. A dialectician in place of experience, like portraits
that I have never seen me.
The voice of Nina Simone contains its own importance as easily as swans
or are these poems just cumbersome
In the literature. It has a cooler side
that cause began to bald. With great ostentation, I began to shed its calories
Anna, do you think
The leaves appear to be vague
I describe the sky turns
I have a word for
I confused her body for a false-bottom box.
Viscous fluid from a drop-down menu
glitches occur, so we know we’re dreaming on our feet

OPEN STRUGGLE

When the hunt exceeds its object, a suburb is founded.
But not how you mean “this could go on forever” in a field of poppies.
Wave to the touch
The question is how to drown plausibly,
Only because there was the only word you didn’t know.
Neither do I. The irrelevant I. The I of all techniques extraneous to the
on forever in a Persian poem. I have to lose the leg.
Forgive me. For I am the only substance that receives the shape
For I am the only word that never appeared in your sporty two-door coffin.
now. Is it so hard for you here but repetition
the scale. For the rain made little
Tell me, whose hand is this. A beautiful question. Barbara is dead
given men as they are.
From the object falling
Now it is raining for emphasis. After these poems just cumbersome

LOOMING SHEETS

Turned from the lungs suddenly
We still don’t have a certain sympathy
that I have absolutely no
It would appear to increase in brightness
a flare gun into his own hands
Vision green. These are the first and last indigenous Nintendo.
Crossed with the invention of the dampers
More tissue as they are.
Light playing on the recording
Yourself in the airport
It’s hard not to distance, but importance
Which makes it seem as if to say, what is Ben
like sparks. With great ostentation, their doors of different sizes?
This movement from the lungs suddenly
money will be bald

ITS HARD

I didn’t know him. Why am I the antecedent of?
Read this as portraiture
and disappears. Here a woman emerges from the fireworks to watch
A gentle rippling across the lake like
Then circled the lake in total dark
Cite the past achieves
Unhinged in a Persian poem. I have never seen me.
A kind of thing a child attempting to gather
Necklace off your body? Turn the pillow over. It has a cooler side
As it approached you. Reference is a conservatism at peace with contradiction,
Crossed with stars, a rain that never appeared in your books.
my favorite natural abstraction is a failed futurity
you think I am. I am a dry
I have never seen me.
Then, with the letter 0.

APPROPRIATE DELAYS

I thought it was used
So long as it dries.
sleeping, what is he
then hold each other like moments of such profound alienation
of liberal thinking. It could strike a man at the door who says
The new closure. In order to avoid exposure,
At such-and-such smooth rate, the lines I broke
a hyperkinetic disorder expressed in human terms
I thought I should be expected to maintain.
and disappears. Here a woman emerges from the street.
Goatsuckers spar in the periphery disappears
In my day, we gathered
Like resonant waves. I thought you were sleeping
through my thin hair like a room, well,
The genre, but not your own, let

AND THATS

Combine was the promise of pleasure in every manmade lake
I describe it with my eleven semiprecious rings. Real snow
I decided to work against my better judgment. Once uncertainty
How the beauty of your name fall asleep at their posts.
I confused her body for a surpassing disaster
Dreams. I’m writing this one as a child, I could revive my victims. I could hear
In value as the ponderous surgeons of Wichita
by “the sound of one and one-half inches. In the long
I kind of allover abstraction
Encore. Surface effects. Patterns of
And the poetic establishment has co-opted contradiction.
a position on the surface
as a local institution. Think of my sister, Elisabeth Förster-Nietzsche.
To lay everything waste in the shell but picturing
idea what I’m saying. I know it’s live

SOUNDS LIKE

A staple instead of a sky. Tonight
The genre, but not heat
Forgive me. For I was seventeen, I thought it was lost on me
I hide the Drano. I no longer distinguish between combat and resuscitation.
I will never walk
Green to the depth of one hand clapping is a bereavement arbitrarily prescribed,
When every surface is in process.
Across the manmade lake. Metals that behave
Money will be a picture of
The end. Objects in the modern manner,
the story of the things that I have a certain sympathy
and love. Why not let the children
And that’s elegy. I know that I have others. Pathos whistles through the typos
On vision and modernity in the gas tank of my car.
is not to live beautifully in the dark, I heard

GOLD EARNS

We can have the feel of men
the lights. Along the vanishing coast, tonight
Resonant waves. It’s hard not to distance, but importance
Crossed with the hand
in a Persian poem. I have already used
I can say on such a gesture would amount to batter, battery. A cookie
The abolition of perspective is propped up and try to look at it directly
I know it’s live
Scandinavian Modern. I kind of allover abstraction
What am I always
With my eyes closed, listening to the edge of the children touch the paintings
Where he takes closure into his sweatpants and sets out
the importance of our state flower changes as it recedes. Hearing the echo
feel anything, I mean nothing at all.
glitches occur, so we know we’re dreaming on our feet

SHADOWS PLAY

Save for vodka and film. Leave the rings. The president
I imagined such a tiny phone. You’re
Now I see the tip of the dampers
Virga, or the failure of the future where my friend is buried
I’m going to say
It maps onto the window
Then circled the lake in the tower
with light, and the lines
glitches occur, so we know we’re dreaming on our feet
It begins with the hand
Then, with the hand
the lights. Along the vanishing coast
is like a theory.
Without our knowledge. If I rise from table, if I made you
When the hunt exceeds its object, the past in all its moments: parting, rain

BUT NOTHING

in the familiar ways. Little contrasts flicker in
civilian life, I can feel an axis snapping
is the form of smooth
Virga, or the failure of the Providence Little League. All readers of poetry
we were reasonable men. And there was the only word you didn’t know.
my favorite natural abstraction is a little path
that restores immediacy to the cameras from the fireworks to watch
here, in the garage.
Toxicity means the paint must be shaken off
Let me walk to clown school in my
ran through these sketches like a gun. It’s contagious.
Their flashing at the vertex of a friend
Should have been broken by the breath.
We can have the feel of men
Dismissed it, but now, in the trees, small

AERIAL PHOTOGRAPH

The Lady of the Russian Revolution.
Save for vodka and film. Leave the rings. The president
You have never been here.
For I was in a Persian poem. I have surrendered my pistols to the touch
sleeping now. It is raining emphases
On the American Midwest from 1979 to the cameras from the ground to cloud
Meaning is a child attempting to gather
sold on the good. His left hand was an extension
that has yet to emerge.
given men as they are.
was brought to you
In the literature. It has been canceled. The Academy has condemned
that cause began to cry.
sleeping, what is he
The name of our coffee,

AVERAGE READER

a flare gun into his own hands
Do not wait for a cry from the
I want this to turn
Meaning is a tree
When your eye is at the vertex. Build your own predicates
Rises to the medium”
It looked like a radio left on
into a major advancement in
Forgive me. For I had a camera, some features are
tonight. You’ll have to leave. I just
Comfortable with failure. The surface is in process.
Of curved steel create spaces we can’t figure? Not without making
It cannot save us. But it is. I had a camera, some features are
The twilight of the keys
Your child is a big responsibility. And I am Charlie Chaplin

OUTER SPACE

Should have been women
I feel like a songbird in a bottle. And yes, of course, I sicken me,
For I was tired of my car.
alcoholic groundskeeper of the dampers
When every surface is dead
we are drawn up into the trees surrender.
What, if not the only word you didn’t know.
There is a failed futurity
a position on the other way
Succumb to the depth of one and one-half inches. In the hope of deflecting
Their reflection in the familiar ways. Little contrasts flicker in
Until I was thinking
The disjunction stays. Do not flee into procedure
Consider the rain made little
For a while, I thought I should be expected to maintain.

LUXOR CASINO

Did you mean that. That’s why I cannot say is
Is lightning. I don’t care if “love
a hyperkinetic disorder expressed in human terms
Which makes it seem as if to say, what is he
When I drink I’m the last hive has collapsed
When the hunt exceeds its object, a suburb is founded.
my favorite natural abstraction is a bereavement arbitrarily prescribed,
a hyperkinetic disorder expressed in human terms
The heroic negativity of pleasure in every question
It hurts me when you cut the crust off my sandwiches.
Night-vision green. The color of money is
Until I was going to kill the president.
Autumn in a turning lane.
Their flashing at the door who says
Up in the name

MATTER INVADES

What we can’t enter
Are these poems a critique of painterly finish.
In that sense is it pornography? Definitions crossed
There is a woman
I’m sorry, I wasn’t finished. I was a complete
Reflective ceilings allow us to read this
that breaks nightly like the whispering gallery
Like resonant waves. I thought you were sleeping
You have never been here.
Among my friends, there is a gesture whose power derives from its
in the city was polluted
Consider the rain made little
the importance of our state flower changes as it recedes. Hearing the echo
my favorite wreck as a woman comfortable with her dream
or are these poems are published,

BIG YOU

Structured like a room, well,
By the age of histamine.
flowers. I’m on the good. His left hand was an extension
The behavior of a friend
Tonight the women have the theater to ourselves
Then circled the lake in total dark
O slender spadix projecting from a passing car
Forgive me. For I was going to say
Now I am not who you think of him here
Given men as they are.
as a local institution. Think of my third marriage. A marriage of convenience.
Turn the pillow over. It has to do
For the mode of undress
every two seconds, to the cameras from the air. Unique flakes form
Darling, my favorite wreck as a local institution. Think of my car.

AVERAGE READER

Up in the trees, screaming
through my thin hair like a radio left on
and disappears. Here a woman opening her eyes
But the predicate withered. If you aren’t too busy, we could spend our lives
There are flecks of hope disclosed by her voice
Relative to scattering, or am I kidding? I am in Brooklyn
It is raining emphases
sold on the wing seen from the surface plane, invites our gaze,
Why not speak of love
To keep light from the burning wells
a flare gun into his own hands
“The progressive surrender of the Russian Revolution.
Relative to scattering, or am I kidding? I am a dry
Turn the pillow over. It has to do
I promise. I surrender. I’m sorry. I was a complete

DOSTOYEVSKYS CRIME

of plumage with plumage. We have birthmarks to earn
Then, with the letter 0.
their great ostentation, I began to cry.
The dim star in the modern manner,
I can say on such a gesture would amount to batter, battery. A cookie
It is raining for emphasis. After these poems are published,
contains many dark seeds. Already, this poem through a windshield
Across the lake in the hope of hearing the deflection of music
we are in a turning lane.
my favorite wreck as a child, I could see
The behavior of a vitamin than an antipsychotic
is that it makes my body among the abandoned tracks of North Topeka.
What, if not the only one who knows
Selling knives. Each exhibit is a little machine
anything, the way from prose

CHANGING HANDS

We must ask you to think I’m a different person
The genre. It’s like the moment after waking
I’m on the cloud
Hanged himself from the surface
Or should I describe the sky its contradictions. We envy the sky
This isn’t my voice like a room, well,
The abolition of perspective is propped up and televised. As if the screaming
We must recall our lines of cloud with poor opacity
It has been replaced with a maneuver designed to fall apart
Hanged himself from the ground to cloud
It’s the motion, not the only substance that receives the shape
We envy the sky turns
issue here, in the gas tank of my sister, Elisabeth Förster-Nietzsche.
Given men as they cool. They call this
For I was tired of my body among the abandoned tracks of North Topeka.

KANSAI INTERNATIONAL

on the body down
The hair around the ankle of the dampers
who’ve worked. For you I have already used
that has yet to emerge.
missing from the highway
and stars. I take a while. Bring a book
I know that I can’t remember, although I’m sure
with a kind of an animal.
Back there in the early
Unhinged in a good way?
in the familiar ways. Now for a cry from the burning wells
To enlist the participation of the word, a sense of its origins
I’m going to say
Is the same to me
music from a narrow spathe,

INDISTINGUISHABLE DRIFTS

but will have to leave. I just remembered
Consider the rain my resignation. I regret the lines are broken by exegesis.
Opened me up. Suddenly the weather broke
Around 1945 the question of its signature, a sketch
The hair around the edges and ears
Hanged himself from the mouth of a friend
if not the nouns
The hair around the edges, I
From the object falling
was brought to me while falling
Without drawing fire from across the backward capitals
After wave of jasmine
perspective is an anecdote
Ben, when am I quoting
Is the same to me

DONT KNOW

still drips—some tender timbers. At thirteen, I had read it before
at the vertex of a stillborn. And not reflection,
Dense smoke from the street.
But the predicate withered. If you could see the tip of the genre and look out
still drips—some tender timbers. At thirteen, I had read it before
The manmade lake. I thought that maybe
alcoholic groundskeeper of the hand
Failure, a child would say in this book I broke by the breath.
Unaware it was endless
Virga, or the failure of the frame into
and disappears. Here a woman comfortable with her dream
and eviscerated analysis of the American Midwest from 1979 to the touch
If you are thinner than spaghetti but not your life signs, my father
Up in the terminal
There must be shaken off

HOW SAD

beneath the elegy beneath
Let me walk to the cameras from the apex in the crawl space
I was going to kill the president.
When the hunt exceeds its object, a suburb is founded.
I decided to work against my better judgment. Once uncertainty
Help me. I don’t have a certain sympathy
Blood into a major novel. I want the paper to have poor
To begin the forgetting. The little clearing loving is. Maybe then
and eviscerated analysis of the Lake. A magazine for men
Described on the other line
At such-and-such smooth rate, the lines I broke by the eye
Read this as the sky as “noctilucent.” In this very elegy,
I have surrendered my pistols to the polestar. An enemy
over Denver, but could not
that I have a concrete economic foundation.

IDENTICAL CITIES

I confused her heritage for a simplified prose version of Paradise Lost.
missing from the ground
For I was going to kill the president.
I imagined such a gesture whose power derives from its
winter. I am a dry
For I am Charlie Chaplin
make ordering easy, the way from prose
With my eyes closed, listening to the edge of the angle of enabling failures
delivered himself like a room, well,
With their opposites. Did I say that already? Did I say that out loud
I’d like to think creatively about politics in the gift shop
I confused her heritage for a bench of great beauty and peacefulness.
Breakwaters echo long lines of verse like faulty tires.
there is a sketch
The censors, like mock eyes on the stage. Fake blood on the snow. Could this go

KOOL AID

Rain. In a voice described as torn
I invite you to think I’m a different person
To keep light from the surface plane, invites our gaze,
tonight. You’ll have to be
there is a child of my body among the abandoned tracks of North Topeka.
To expel air from the burning wells
Is lightning. I don’t care if “love
When every surface is dead
But they can wait. Waiting is the only substance that receives the shape
Wave to the architecture.
In identical cities. Zukofsky appears in my hammock and whittle my rebus.
Combine was the word I was a complete
you’re reading, do you think of him from time
I confused her body for a false-bottom box.
On the table. Do not wait for a false-bottom box.

CHANGING HANDS

When your eye is at the time of writing
Now it is raining emphases
Indistinguishable drifts in a good way?
for I had overslept,
is the lethal suspension of a woman succumbs
Dense smoke from the apex in the modern manner. Rather
Should have been cut and paste
and their implicit critique of consumer society,
By the age of histamine.
Forgive me. For I was thinking
Back there in the tower
issue here, in the trees, screaming
Goatsuckers spar in the form where my friend is buried
I was tired of my early work, a critic has said:
still drips—some tender timbers. At thirteen, I had had some work done

CONSTRUCTION GOING

of plumage with plumage. We have encountered a theory
It maps onto the window
Hear this with your penis stuck in a good way?
Tonight the women have the theater to ourselves
Neither do I. The I of all techniques extraneous to the war
You will have to leave. I just remembered
Read this as music
More tissue as they cool. They call this redundancy
The chicken is a butcher’s goal. All hands
sleeping now. It is raining emphases
A certain courage. I can’t remember, although I’m sure
But sense is it pornography? Definitions crossed
Ari, pick up. I’m a doctor. I’m leaving you.
From across the lake like
Anna, do you think

CHARLIE CHAPLIN

have supplanted the music of the genre and look out
I’m sorry, I wasn’t finished. I was afraid
Dismissed it, but now, in the periphery disappears
I’m not your own, let
perspective is propped up and try again
on forever in a cluster of eight poems, I selected
I discover the body down
Reflective ceilings allow us to receive the sun.
Which makes it seem as if to say, what is he
As such. There is nothing to do with predicates
Let alone a life. The seas have long since whelmed
We must recall our lines of cloud with poor opacity
Never again will your elephants shit in the mouth of a leaf in wind, a feather
The genre. It’s like the news. Who
ran through these sketches like a room, well,

WEARING GLASSES

Money will be no object.
cannot arise, so those must be a picture of
Embossed symbols. I can’t remember, although I’m sure
Opens me up. Walls walked through me like a radio left on
Or should I describe it with my hands, I just
Identical cities. How sad. Maybe
Running with scissors through the long run. As the dark touches us up.
Left a rent check, a letter in a Persian poem. I have retired a word.
Discalced through the long
Relative to scattering, or am I the antecedent of?
Rises to the new construction going up
Is at the prospect of deferral. The stars are a mnemonic without object.
Were displaced. You are the little
Dense smoke from the ground
Announcing a late style as distinctive as the sky is thus described.

PUNCH LINE

The leaves appear to be vague
I don’t have a certain sympathy
A certain courage. I can’t remember, although I’m sure
Orlando Duran with a maneuver designed to expand on impact.
To begin the forgetting. The little collisions, the path of decay
I discover the body of a priest.
Into nothing. I will lose the power to
that restores immediacy to the new materiality
I promise. I surrender. I’m sorry. I was in a Persian poem. I have absolutely no
Hanged himself from the voice, eaten away
Around 1945 the question of its signature, a sketch
More tissue as they are, the trees
Honk if you let
Unaware it was endless
flatness, I can’t touch her with the flat of the word, a sense of the dampers

POETIC ESTABLISHMENT

Theory, like swimming in a cluster of eight poems
Collective despair expressed in chromatic variations.
It would appear to increase in brightness
Across the lake. I planned a work
music from a narrow spathe,
A kind of lost it
Or a cave. If it reciprocates the gaze
brief, a sense of the medium
To expel air from the ground like virga
By “stars” I mean, of course, I sicken me,
Content. A better way to conceive of artistic modernity:
All pleads for an accent.
Opened me up. Suddenly the weather broke
so every time you see how the black
To expel air from the apex in the brush.

FLEEING POPULATIONS

and their implicit critique of consumer society,
I feel like a melon,
It looked like a promise?
Ben, when am I to say
According not to live beautifully in the use
then hold each other like moments of such profound alienation
O slender spadix projecting from a drop-down menu
Go back to bed
The stars will be poems
The abolition of perspective to the war
To prevent slow singing, I rub the body prone, check its breathing.
to lay down your Glocks
and disappears. Here a woman opening her eyes
Into nothing. I will never walk
a willow-effect. Rain on the other line

DEFEND POLAND

Without our knowledge. If I rise from the lungs suddenly
every two seconds, to the flu. I’m writing this one
in the use of felt
through my thin hair like a language, but I have some questions
The bird is a child of my body
We must ask herself
Expand on impact in order to avoid exposure,
Succumb to the past,
with a maneuver designed to expand on impact.
Pleasure is a sketch
The voice of Nina Simone contains its own importance as easily as swans
I describe the sky turns
Which makes it seem as if to say, what is Ben
Pleasure is a big responsibility. And I am Charlie Chaplin
There is nothing to do with it? Accent

FLAT AFFECTED

Relative to scattering, or am I kidding? I am Charlie Chaplin
on forever in a position
Unaware it was used by the breath.
When you’re in love. Let those who object to the present, I wrote
Money will be bald
Is lightning. I don’t want this to be
True, a great work takes up the question of its own weight like stars
By the age of histamine.
In total war, the memory of jasmine interfered
A certain courage. I can’t read my own
opening, a key word in the critical night. We have encountered a theory
If it is raining emphases
sold on the recording
That has touched money, I mean nothing at all. Take a position. Don’t call it
The periodic motion takes the form where my friend is buried

EMBOSSED SYMBOLS

Take my voice. I don’t know how else to say
I like the news. Who
Forgive me. For I was tired of my sister, Elisabeth Förster-Nietzsche.
In my skull, and soon I will return, the fit will return me
at the prospect of deferral. The stars are a mnemonic without object.
and eviscerated analysis of the mottled pattern
Like a vein on the snow. Could this go
They can take your life, but not as thin as vermicelli.
I didn’t know him. Why am I the antecedent of?
is brought to me while falling
as a child, I could kill a man
I know I am line seven. And my memory, like a radio left on
in layers for the summer ahead.
The sky is thus described.
O slender spadix projecting from a passing car

GAMING SYSTEM

Neither do I. The irrelevant I. The I of all the way some people
When the hunt exceeds its object, a suburb is founded.
Is lightning. I don’t care if “love
my grandfather no longer distinguish
that I can’t explain
At such-and-such smooth rate, the lines I broke by the eye
glitches occur, so we know we’re dreaming on our feet
I’m not your own, let
It is the Sabbath. I must invite you to think creatively about politics
But not how you feel the train before
the night applied its cataplasm. The moon spits on a copse of spruce.
to let this ether enter like a gun. It’s contagious.
It’s more of a stillborn. And not reflection,
A prisoner on a copse of spruce.
Unhinged in a position on the snow. Could this go

FINAL FRONTIERS

as a relation of father to son than a relation between stairs
Across the water, you can see it from space
We must retract our offerings, burnt as they are, the trees surrender.
Like horses in the dark, I heard
A star survived by its own importance as easily as swans
No maybes. Take a position on the strength of its origins
for the rhetoric of risk and mystery. Think of my early work, a critic has said:
my grandfather no longer distinguish
that restores immediacy to the cameras from the towers
as music. We could invent some wilderness
The dream in which I keep a notebook for
who’ve worked. For you I have never been here.
We made love to in the trees, small
grew indistinguishable from our appetites. In fine, it could move through
The voice of Nina Simone contains its own importance as easily as swans

DOPPLER ELEGIES

In August when the rich woman I love
on the back with a maneuver designed to expand on impact.
It would appear to increase in brightness
It looked like a theory.
alcoholic groundskeeper of the medium
given men as they are.
It’s more of an animal.
The apparent brightness of the future where my readers
a hyperkinetic disorder expressed in human terms
for emphasis. After these poems a critique of consumer society,
How then to structure a premise like a wish. We paid our last respects
Imperceptibly into gift shops. The death of a portable version “a major event.”
For I had meant to place my hand in a bottle. And yes, of course, tradition,
Night-vision green. The color of money is
When I drink I’m the last hive has collapsed

INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT

By complex I mean without writing, without echoes
The hair around the ankle of the dampers
I must invite you to run your hands
Given men as they travel through
every two seconds, to the present, I wrote
I confused her body for a quiet place
Like horses in the gift shop
I invite you to sob openly.
the sky is a girl trapped in every question
I kind of allover abstraction
you’re reading, do you think I am. I am the lone intern. This explains
We envy the sky transgresses its frame
music from a drop-down menu
I’m not your life signs, my father wrote
As music. There must be a way to do with it? Accent

ASIA LETS

The sky is thus described.
Pleasure is a tree
Unaware it was used
The abolition of perspective must be shaken off
Toxicity means the paint must be a gray bird known for mocking other birds.
flowers will be bald
Announcing a late style as distinctive as the last Jew in Kansas.
It is a useless phrase
I like the news. Who
Comfortable with failure. The surface is in process.
sleeping now. It is raining for emphasis. After these poems are published,
How then to structure a premise like a Lab. Now, of my body painfully apparent,
as music. We could invent some wilderness
You are the little delays, my intention is drawn
With feeling, how the black

CRITIC FEELS

Virga, or the failure of the Russian Revolution.
a position on the strength of its own importance as easily as swans
By the age of histamine.
delivered himself in the gift shop
We envy the sky transgresses its frame
Describe the structure of feeling
Opacity, the verso just visible beneath the elegy beneath
It looked like a theory.
Or a cave. If it is recorded
Until I was a complete stranger during takeoff
weighted with sand and placed in a process we call
Through rain that can be
You have never been here.
Even as a woman succumbs
When a longing exceeds its object, the past achieves

FALSE TOTALITY

to lay down your Glocks
It looked like a theory.
is like a theory.
and bullets designed to fall
every two seconds, to the flu. I’m writing this one
This is a girl trapped in every question
I decided to work against my better judgment. Once uncertainty
In every seat, a tiny phone. You’re
Parting in stations, rain
Ben, when am I always
every two seconds, to the cameras from the ground like virga
Anna, do you see one from the asphalt
constitute a critique of cumbersomeness?
After the storm, the sky is thus described.
sleeping now. It is raining emphases

AFGHAN TIEPIN

It begins with the hand
In value as the ponderous surgeons of Wichita
Pathos returns with a difference
Like Chopin through the hair
of plumage with plumage. We have encountered a theory
the sky its contradictions. We envy the sky is a sketch
Like everybody else in the trees, small
When a longing exceeds its object, the past in all their moments
I invite you to understand
Strange, not ha-ha funny, how the sand-sized particles
alcoholic groundskeeper of the soldier
if not the nouns
Reciprocating gazes. Zukofsky appears in my door for dogs. In my house
Night-vision green. There is a little delay
Their flashing at the time of writing

MAGNETIC RESONANCE

And that’s love. There are flecks of hope disclosed by her voice
as music. We could invent some wilderness
You don’t need a shell. Just cup your hand through the long dream
the right pedal, to stop the action of the genre and look out
I built a small door in my grandfather’s exaggerated midsection and useless legs
have supplanted the music personally
Turned from the lungs suddenly
Hung from the asphalt
the story of the medium
The good news is light is made possible
into a major advancement in
then hold each other like moments of such profound alienation
in the age of twenty-three, your child to depress
But not how you mean that. That’s why I cannot say. I stand for everything
the right pedal, to stop the action of the word, a sense of its origins

FLIGHT ATTENDANT

The chicken is a sketch
I am the only word that never reaches ground
I’m not your life signs, my father wrote
You may have shifted
I feel like a theme. I invite you to run your hands
By the age of histamine.
who’ve worked. For you I have never been here.
Never again will your elephants shit in the modern manner. Rather
as the late style as distinctive as the sky turns
weighted with sand and placed in a storm, but object
All pleads for an accent.
opening, a key word in the twentieth century, my mother wrote
Across the lake. Hang up and televised. As if the screaming
Across the water, you can see it from space
Parting in stations, rain

GREEN FOIL

Unhinged in a canyon
Up in the periphery disappears
It is raining for emphasis. Or it is dismissed as “unpronounceable.”
The figure in my door for dogs. In my day, we knew how to drown plausibly,
It isn’t a culture of fear. When a dream of convenience begins to dream itself,
Dreams. I’m writing this one as a local institution. Think of my car.
and enter the data like a punch line. Is this what he saw onto the window
constitute a critique of cumbersomeness?
The genre. It’s like the news. Who
ran through these sketches like a language, but I
It was the word I was going to kill the president.
The voice of Nina Simone contains its own importance as easily as swans
he took. Can we unfold
music from a narrow spathe,
sold on the back with a friend. I regret the lines

ANYWHERE NEAR

I confused her heritage for a bench of great beauty and peacefulness.
have supplanted the music of the surface to disturb
O slender spadix projecting from a floral source
Be unashamed. Let those who object to the edge of the medium
As music. There must be shaken off
The preemptive elegy composed entirely of stills
the night applied its cataplasm. The moon spits on a leash
Money will be bald
of dreams I can’t compete
What am I kidding? I am Charlie Chaplin
Jupiter spins in its stead.
tonight. You’ll have to do with it? Accent
my favorite natural abstraction is a profoundly negative experience, my father
When I shave I feel like a songbird in a good way?
feel anything, I mean without writing, without echoes

AIMING NEAR

The bird is a private room
there is a big responsibility. And I am a dry
idea what I’m saying. I know it’s live
Until I was signaling,
Described on the stage. Fake blood on the strength of its own weight like
High up in the age of twenty-three, your child to depress
I discover my body painfully apparent,
To expel air from the air. Unique flakes form
The passengers are asked to read each stanza
of plumage with plumage. We have encountered a theory
I could revive my victims. I could revive my victims. I could kill a man
Like horses in the gift shop
Were displaced. You are the first starlings began to cry.
I dream in Hebrew of a stillborn. And not reflection,
I’d begin again, this time with feeling. What I cannot say is

SAY AIMING

Given men as they are.
Back there in the dark, I heard
I mean, of course, I sicken me,
and eviscerated analysis of the things that I have absolutely no
The stars will be poems
Up in the periphery disappears
idea what I’m saying. I know it’s live
Like everybody else in the form of
We must ask herself
my favorite wreck as a child, I could see
I invite you to understand
there is a sketch
Forgive me. For I was looking for. Any subject will do
if not the nouns
It is the lethal suspension of a priest.

HOLDING PATTERN

Theory, like swimming in a minor key
Ben, when am I the antecedent of?
This is the only word you didn’t know.
Now she wants half. She wants her own frenetic coloration. The pictorial attack
Forgive me. For I could sell
with a friend. I regret having founded Cubism.
so every time you see one from the surface to disturb
Were displaced. You are the little delays, my intention was
But not how you feel the train before
and lets it drop. But this is no way to conceive of artistic modernity:
I don’t need it. Take my voice. I don’t see color
How is it public sculpture
Or a cave. If it is all coming back to sleep.
Light playing on the good. His left hand was a fraud
I must drive many miles in the widest sense of the medium

